good morning this is our video 3 of our
series 2007 Crown Victoria this is our
h2o 2h to go now
2007 Crown Victoria basically let me
show you where we're at so I've altered
the plumbing and everything several
times trying to get the best run on just
the hydroxy and we've had some pretty
good success we've got our new pressure
regulator in there and basically what
that's for
is the computer controls to feel
pressure all in rail and we wanted to
take that control away so when it
escalates higher than what we can manage
out of our blue box this is actually
going to return the excess fuel to the
gas tank now to do the repairs on the
gas tank I had to get to the fuel tank
completely now as you can see we put a
new little nozzle into the fuel tank and
just JB welded in their repaired all a
couple of leaks that we had this is our
return hose it isn't hooked up yet if we
have any fuel in the car whatsoever the
fuel will come running out of this line
our blue box has been absolutely
wonderful I haven't had any issues with
it whatsoever no leaks no rips no
rattles a run down in the heels you can
see we've gone through a lot of water so
I know that we're producing lots of
hydrogen lots of hydrogen and we got
everything all put together inside the
vehicle
as you can see we have a pressure gauge
which shows us our manifold pressure we
have the altar gauge mounted up on the
top so the driver has pretty much eyes
on all the gauges all the time and how
we're going to be regulating our bias
pressure where the fuel is with that
little rheostat there anyway I've got
the new laptop all fixed up ready to
rock and roll here and I'm going to show
you how everything works now what we
have to do just build up just a little
bit more pressure likes twenty-plus to
run Mountain while it's doing back I'm
going to show you that we have
absolutely no fuel in the gas tank
whatsoever it's below trip lead all
we're going to be running on is that
hydroxy pressure on the gauge now that
I've got the system up we're going to
hit go ahead and plug in our little USB
fire up our all tracks
you
well we're on our maiden voyage here
this is Crown Victoria 2007 h2 go now
progress report number three this
morning you see we're running on about
50 amps we've installed the gauge so we
can see with our pressure is and this is
our maiden voyage on hydrogen and that
down a little bit about 20
we are running just on water we got a
pretty good grade coming out here so
this is going to be a pretty good
opportunity for us to see what he's
gonna work it up
you can see we're completely out of feel
a little bit rough or hoping that the
Volvo will take over here
like I say it's really hard to get a
standard engine especially computerized
one to do all the things that you wanted
to do but we've come pretty close to the
bolo with the sh o program in it
here we are just driving on water yes we
can motivate windows here hear what I'm
saying
and we've got things down to about four
amps all we're cruising on right now now
the difference is when we get things
that high and pressure the HHO has a lot
more energy because I think we're
actually folding the hydrogen molecules
together to make a CH for anybody has a
lot more energy the higher the pressure
you go the more energy it has little
step on it here
I'm a little bit jumpy but hey we're
running on water what do you expect yeah
we're up to about 90 on a 35 some inner
cooler jets attack
anyway I'm going to splice a couple
pieces from one before I got the car off
the jack stands again this is before
fuel we're running on just the hydroxy
pressure in the injection rail and we're
doing it about five amps pretty
miraculous I think now we have probably
a gallons worth of pressurized space in
there so now that my pressures gone down
a little bit I'm going to hit a little
bit more amperage
I promise up to about 16 we're going
downhill and not using anything it's
time to Spacey no problems because we're
drying but 18 ants from the charging
system
excuse the shaky video but this is what
I got to work with
and I think we're doing pretty darn good
with what we're working was here thank
Jesus this thing is running great now
kind of now that we've almost got the
engine up to temperature that means that
it's going to be heating up the water
the cell will put out that orange steam
seems to slow down the burn rate and
make it a little bit more compatible
with the vehicle's computer I think what
we're going to need in the future is
probably a dual injection system for one
of these
where we can inject the fuel and the
hydroxy because when we go to mix things
it gets a little bit complicated because
you always have one trying to overwork
the other one we don't have a really
good proportioning system it's just kind
of line-of-sight watch your gauges time
to be able anyway this is doing
marvelous this morning and this is
probably the end of our series 3 video
because I better concentrate on driving
this Fred I'll catch you in a minute